24.05 ZHF Hackathon report (#6)
nix-community/ZurichZHF: README.md

> # The half-yearly Nix community developer workshop and NixOS release hackathon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The bi-annual[^1] Nix community developer workshop and NixOS release hackathon

[^1]: /baɪˈæn.ju.əl/ *adjective* happening twice a year
```

Author: It's actually ambiguous that way, it could as well be read as "every two years". Half-yearly sounds weird but at least leaves no room for misunderstanding.

If you insist on cranking up the Latin in your English, one can say "semi-anually".
